Add info about set extent in the item properties (layout) (#10092)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/print_composer/composer_items/composer_map.rst

* |viewExtentInCanvas| :sup:`View current map extent in main canvas`
* |setToCanvasScale| :sup:`Set map scale to match main canvas scale`
* |viewScaleInCanvas| :sup:`Set main canvas to match current map scale`
* |layers| :sup:`Set map extent to layer extent`: sets the map item extent to match 
  the full extent of a selected layer from the project's layers

> * |showBookmarks| :sup:`Bookmarks`: set the map item extent to match

Reviewer: While at it, and because this was changed in the target report
```suggestion
* |showBookmarks| :sup:`Set map extent to bookmark extent`: sets the map item extent to match the extent of
```
